# How-to-use-temozolomide-Medsdelta
Read the Patient Information Leaflet if available from your pharmacist before you start taking temozolomide and each time you get a refill. If you have any questions, ask your doctor or pharmacist.  Take this medication by mouth as directed by your doctor, usually once a day on a treatment schedule. Swallow the capsules whole with a full glass of water (8 ounces or 240 milliliters). Do not crush, chew, or open the capsules. If you vomit after taking your dose, do not take any more medication. Wait and take your next dose at the regular time. To reduce nausea and vomiting, take temozolomide on an empty stomach or at bedtime. For the best effect, take this medication at the same time every day in relation to a meal (for example, 1 hour before or 3 hours after a meal).  The dosage and treatment schedule are based on your medical condition, height, weight, and response to treatment. Carefully follow your doctor's directions for taking this medication. To help you remember, mark your calendar to keep track of when to take the next dose.  Your doctor may also prescribe other medications (such as antibiotics) to help prevent infection or side effects. Follow your doctor's directions for taking all your medications.  Do not increase your dose or use this drug more often or for longer than prescribed. Your condition will not improve any faster, and your risk of serious side effects will increase.  If the capsules are accidentally opened or damaged, avoid inhaling the medication or getting it on your skin. If contact occurs, flush the area with water. Since this drug can be absorbed through the skin and lungs and may harm an unborn baby, women who are pregnant or who may become pregnant should not handle this medication or breathe the dust from the capsules.
